CiTRLOG
1.0

02/01/2014

by Robin Tavender.

(0) INTRODUCTION
(I) CONFIGURATION
(II) COMPILATION
(III) INSTALLATION
(IV) DEBUGGING

(0) INTRODUCTION

CiTRLOG is a program that continuously records audio, in the case of its original composition, the audio running out of the panel in CiTR101.9 FM's transmission room.  This direct feed is recorded continuously onto a mass storage device as one-second mp3 files.  These files may be easily concatenated together, without further modification, to form continuous chunks of audio.

(I) CONFIGURATION

The standard configuration file template in citrlog.EDITME.ini contains a few lines that can be modified.  Once you have modified it, you may copy it wherever you like, e.g. 

/usr/local/etc/citrlog.ini

The lines below the comment indicating not to change the values bellow the comment should be respected, unless, of course, you have read the source code and feel confident that modifying the values will not impact functionality.  However, if you are competent to do that, you probably do not need instructions on how to configure or use this program; you should simply read the source code.

(II) COMPILATION

Dependencies:
asound
sndfile
mp3lame

Compiler:
gcc

To Compile:
gcc -o -O3 citrlog -lasound -lsndfile -lmp3lame ini.c citrlog.c

(III) INSTALLATION

Copy the citrlog binary to your preferred location, along with the configuration file.  

Provide for execution of the binary by your preferred method, e.g. a line in /etc/rc.local, e.g., to execute citrlog as user logger:

su -c "/usr/local/bin/citrlog /usr/local/etc/citrlog.ini" logger

(IV) DEBUGGING

No progam is ever free of bugs.  There are, as Donald Rumself informs us, known knowns, known unknowns, and unknown unknowns. The things that we do not know we do not know are the most difficult to fix.  And often we will know something is amiss, but we will not know what it is.  If we are lucky, our problems are known knowns: we both know the problem and its cause. 

If you make any modifcations to this program, I would appreciate it if you would send the modifcations to robin@ubicee.net

